What is source code?
Source code is written by a developer and then compiler so that I can be understood by computers as machine code.

What makes computers so “smart”, anyway?
Computers aren't "smart" - outside of AI/ML they only execute pre-programmed instructions.

What is the purpose of a programming language?
To create software.

What are 3 examples of programming languages? Why are there so many of these?
Python, Java, JavaScript.  The have different syntax, typing, compiling, general purposes, and memory efficiency - use the right tool for the right Job.

What is a variable? Why are variables useful?
Variables store data.  Variables can be set and updated to allow you to calculate other values, power conditional statements, and store values in memory.

What is the difference between a single-equals (=) and a double-equals (==)?
Single-equals sets a variable to a new value.  Double-equals checks if two values are equivalent regardless of type.

What is the difference between a double-equals (==) and a triple-equals (===)?
Double-equals checks if two values are equivalent regardless of type.  Triple-equals checks if two values are equivalent and have the same type.

Why does the developer console exist?
To allow you to see errors, debug statements, and the outputs of code.

When we talk about “conditional” statements, what does that mean? What is an example?
Code that runs depending on the results of a test - i.e., IF, ELSE IF, ELSE.

Why would we want FOR or WHILE loops in our source code?
FOR and WHILE loops are for code that you want to run as long as a condition is true.

When would you use a WHILE loop, instead of a FOR loop?
You would use a FOR loop when you know how many iterations of the code that you want to run.  A WHILE loop is used when you are not sure the number of iterations that are run.

What is a function? Why would we use functions?
A function is a reusable piece of code that can be called from other places.  We use functions to prevent repeating ourselves (DRY method).

How many values can you receive back from a function? How many values can you send in?
You can have a single return from a function but you can pass in many parameters as arguments.


What is an array? How many values does it hold?
An array is a list of values and it can contain as many values as you would like.

What is a T-diagram and why should I know how to use one?
A T-diagram is a tool to keep track of the values stored within variables as the code is executed.

What are the two ways to comment JS code? When would you use one versus the other?
Use '//' for a single comment or quick notes.  Bookend longer blocks code with '/*' and '*/'.